Write Overview on Raiden Smart Contracts (#303)
raiden-network/spec: smart_contracts.rst

This is the specification document for the Solidity smart contracts required for building the Raiden Network. All functions, their signatures, and their semantics.

> On Raiden, users can send tokens offchain, but the offchain interaction is ultimately about deposits held in TokenNetwork smart contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Raiden, users can send tokens off-chain, but the off-chain interaction is ultimately about deposits held in a ``TokenNetwork`` smart contract.
```

> * TokenNetwork: a smart contract that manages channels and deposits onchain. Each TokenNetwork deployment works on a particular ERC20 token and manages channels between addresses. The TokenNetwork deployment manages the deposited tokens, and is the main point of contact for any onchain operations regarding Raiden channels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``TokenNetwork``: a smart contract that manages channels and deposits on-chain. Each ``TokenNetwork`` deployment works on a particular ERC20 token and manages channels between addresses. The ``TokenNetwork`` deployment manages the deposited tokens, and is the main point of contact for any on-chain operations regarding Raiden channels.
```

> * TokenNetworkRegistry: a smart contract that allows users to look up a TokenNetwork deployment from a token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``TokenNetworkRegistry``: a smart contract that allows users to look up a ``TokenNetwork`` deployment from a token.
```

> * SecretRegistry: a smart contract that keeps track of which secret is revealed on which block.  A single SecretRegistry deployment can serve the whole Ethereum network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``SecretRegistry``: a smart contract that keeps track of which secret is revealed on which block.  A single ``SecretRegistry`` deployment can serve the whole Raiden Network on its blockchain.
```
